My solution based on SVD like factorization of the known (train) yield values
arranged in a sparse matrix. Each row of the matrix corresponds to one unique
environment state of the experiments (~1.5k unique values of sets of the
LOCCD,Rep,Year,Month,Day) and each column corresponds to one variety
(~45k unique values of the VarietyID).

I estimated parameters of the following model:

 Y = m + Me*Iv' + Ie*Mv' + E*V'

where
 Y - the matrix of the yield values,
 m - scalar mean of the all known yield values,
 Me - column vector of mean values of rows with size equal to amount
of rows of Y,
 Iv - column vector with all entries equal to 1 and size equal to amount
of columns of Y,
 Ie - column vector with all entries equal to 1 and size equal to amount
of rows of Y,
 Mv - column vector of mean values of columns with size equal to amount
of columns of Y,
 E - matrix of environment features (matrix with 512 columns was used),
 V - matrix of varieties features (512 columns),
 single quote - transpose operator.

Mean of the all known yield values (m) was computed directly and constant.
Other parameters of the model (Me,Mv,E,V) are estimated by gradient
descend on squared errors between known values of elements of Y and
estimated values. E and V were regularized by penalizing squared values
of their elements. On each step one update of the related parameters was
done for each yield value. Model were trained by 200 iterations over all
known values of Y during runtime of the submission (online) in accordance
with the next procedure (gradient descend update):

 d = t - r0 - c0 - e0*v0';

 e1 = e0 + lf*(d*v0 - lr*e0);
 v1 = v0 + lf*(d*e0 - lr*v0);

 r1 = r0 + lm*d;
 c1 = c0 + lm*d;

where
 d - scalar, estimation error;
 t - scalar, centered by global mean (m) known yield value;
 r0,r1 - scalars, element of the row means vector Me for corresponding
to t row, before and after update correspondingly;
 c0,c1 - scalars, element of the column means vector Mv for corresponding
to t column, before and after update correspondingly;
 e0,e1 - row vector, row of matrix of environment point features (E)
corresponding to t, before and after update correspondingly;
 v0,v1 - row vector, row of matrix of variety features (V) corresponding to t,
before and after update correspondingly;
 lf - scalar, features learn rate, value 0.2/512 was used;
 lr - scalar, regularization learn ratio, value 0.45 was used;
 lm - scalar, means learn rate, value 0.3/512 was used;
 single quote - transpose operator.

Before beginning each group of train rows with duplicate sets of values
ofExperimentID,LOCCD,Rep,VarietyID,Year,Month,Day was replaced by
one row with Yield value replaced by mean value of Yield's of the
corresponding group.

Mean of the all known yield values (m) was computed before training and
subtracted from the known yield values (centering by global mean). Mean values
of columns (Mv) were initilized by zero values. Mean values of rows (Me) were
initialized by the corresponding means of known values of Y after the centering by
global mean (m). E and V matrices were initialized by random values sampled
from the Gaussion distribution with standard deviation equal to 0.1.

After training model was used for computing predictions (directly by the formulae
for Y). Out of sample of environment points values (values without corresponding
rows of Y) were predicted as constants equal to mean of the all known yield
values (m).
