My predictions were produced by Linear Regression model fitted by Ordinary Least Squares approach in accordance with the 
following expression:

 p = Dp * ( PInv(Dtf'*Dtf + Dtv'*Dtv)) * (Dtf'*tf + Dtv'*tv) )

where
  p - column vector of the unknown (predicted) yield values,
  Dp - matrix of predictor variables correspond to the predicted yields,
  PInv - Moore-Penrose pseudoinverse function,
  Dtf - matrix of predictor variables correspond to the fixed train data from the DataTraining.csv file,
  Dtv - matrix of predictor variables correspond to the variable train data from the experimentData parameter,
  tf - column vector of the known (train) yield values from the DataTraining.csv file,
  tv - column vector of the known (train) yield values from the experimentData parameter,
  single quote - transpose operator.

Each row of the matrices of the predictor variables correspond to one known yield value in experiments allowed for use in 
queries by the Problem Statement (from 18 to 72 different varieties, from 4 to 20 different reps and so on). Train predictors 
(Dtf,Dtv) were computed after extraction of this yield from the data (leave one out procedure). Dtf'*Dtf and Dtf'*tf terms were 
precomputed offline and hardcoded in the solution (~800k rows of predictors). Dtv'*Dtv and Dtv'*tv terms were computed online 
partially (~70k rows from ~300k rows).

Each row of the predictors contains 379 values:

1. Sum of row and column means of the double centered experiment yields arranged in a matrix with rows correspond to the 
varieties and columns correpond to the reps (called below Experiment Matrix).
2. Sum of row and column means of the double centered Experiment Matrix with clipped outliers. Outliers was detected as values 
with distance more than 3 standart deviation from the values predicted by the predictor 1 above.
3. Imputed value by Bayesian inference based Principal Component Analysis algorithm.
4. Imputed value by Bayesian inference based Principal Component Analysis algorithm with clipped outliers (see value 2 above) 
in source data.
5. Imputed value by Bayesian inference based Principal Component Analysis algorithm with Experiment Matrix with columns (reps) 
weighted by similarity to the column with predicted value.
6. Location zone value.
7. Location subzone value.
8. Location band value.
9. Variety mean yield value over all known experiments.
10. Variety standart deviation of yield value over all known experiments.
11. Reciprocal of the value 9 above.
12. Reciprocal of the value 10 above.
13. Mean difference of variety yield value and mean yield of all varieties in a location zone over all known experiments.
14. Standart deviation of value 13 above.
15. Reciprocal of the value 13 above.
16. Reciprocal of the value 14 above.
17. Variety mean maturity value over all known experiments.
18. Variety standart deviation of maturity value over all known experiments.
19. Reciprocal of the value 17 above.
20. Reciprocal of the value 18 above.
21. Mean difference of variety maturity value and mean maturity of all varieties in a location zone over all known experiments.
22. Standart deviation of value 21 above.
23. Reciprocal of the value 21 above.
24. Reciprocal of the value 22 above.
25. Normalized amount of known reps with given variety over all known experiments.
26. Reciprocal of the value 25 above.
27. Square root of the value 25 above.
28-378. Linear interaction terms between predictors 1..27 (products of their values)
379. Intercept term (constant value equal to 1.0).
